README.md, before:

# Twisted
League of legends api wrapper <br>
![https://www.npmjs.com/package/twisted](https://nodei.co/npm/twisted.png)

# Simple example
LOL:
```js
import { LolApi, Constants } from 'twisted'

const api = new LolApi()

export async function summonerByNameExample () {
  return await api.Summoner.getByName('Hide on bush', Constants.Regions.KOREA)
}
```
TFT:
```js
import { TftApi, Constants } from 'twisted'

const api = new TftApi()

export async function matchListTft () {
  const {
    response: {
      puuid
    }
  } = await api.Summoner.getByName('Maxii', Constants.Regions.LAT_NORTH)
  return api.Match.list(puuid, Constants.RegionGroups.AMERICAS)
}

```
[More examples](https://github.com/Sansossio/twisted/tree/master/example)

# Automatic rate limits reattempts
```js
import { LolApi } from 'twisted'

const api = new LolApi({
   /**
   * If api response is 429 (rate limits) try reattempt after needed time (default true)
   */
  rateLimitRetry: true
  /**
   * Number of time to retry after rate limit response (default 1)
   */
  rateLimitRetryAttempts: 1
  /**
   * Concurrency calls to riot (default infinity)
   * Concurrency per method (example: summoner api, match api, etc)
   */
  concurrency: undefined,
  /**
   * Riot games api key
   */
  key: '',
  /**
   * Debug methods
   */
  debug: {
    /**
     * Log methods execution time (default false)
     */
    logTime: false
    /**
     * Log urls (default false)
     */
    logUrls: false
    /**
     * Log when is waiting for rate limits (default false)
     */
    logRatelimit?: false
  }
})
```

# Endpoints 
Everything should be in the same order as in the official docs.
## CLASH
- [x] `Get players by summoner id`
- [x] `Get team`
- [x] `Get tournaments`
- [x] `Get tournaments by team id`
- [x] `Get tournament by id`
## CHAMPION-MASTERY-V4
- [x] `Get all champion mastery entries sorted by number of champion points descending.`
- [x] `Get a champion mastery by player ID and champion ID.`
- [x] `Get a player's total champion mastery score, which is the sum of individual champion mastery levels.`
## CHAMPION-V3
- [x] `Retrieve all champions.`
- [x] `Retrieve champion by ID.`

## MATCH-V5
- [x] `Get match by id`
- [x] `Get matches by summoner id`
- [x] `Get match timeline by id`

## MATCH-V4 (deprecated)
- [x] `Get matches id by tournament code`
- [x] `Get match by id`
- [x] `Get match by tournament code`
- [x] `Get matches by summoner id`
- [x] `Get match timeline by id`
## LEAGUE-V4
- [x] `Get the challenger league for given queue.`
- [x] `Get league entries in all queues for a given summoner ID.`
- [x] `Get all the league entries.`
- [x] `Get the grandmaster league of a specific queue.`
- [x] `Get league with given ID, including inactive entries.`
- [x] `Get the master league for given queue.`
- [x] `Get the queues that have positional ranks enabled.` (deprecated June 17th and in `v0.9.10`)
- [x] `Get league positions in all queues for a given summoner ID.` (deprecated June 17th and in `v0.9.10`)
- [x] `Get all the positional league entries.` (deprecated June 17th and in `v0.9.10`)
## LOL-STATUS-V3
- [x] `Get League of Legends status for the given shard.`
- [x] `Get matchlist for games played on given account ID and platform ID and filtered using given filter parameters, if any.`
- [x] `Get match timeline by match ID.`
- [x] `Get match IDs by tournament code.`
- [x] `Get match by match ID and tournament code.`
## SPECTATOR-V4
- [x] `Get current game information for the given summoner ID.`
- [x] `Get list of featured games.`
## SUMMONER-V4
- [x] `Get a summoner by account ID.`
- [x] `Get a summoner by summoner name.`
- [x] `Get a summoner by PUUID.`
- [x] `Get a summoner by summoner ID.`
## TOURNAMENT-STUB-V4
- [ ] `Create a mock tournament code for the given tournament.`
- [ ] `Gets a mock list of lobby events by tournament code.`
- [ ] `Creates a mock tournament provider and returns its ID.`
- [ ] `Creates a mock tournament and returns its ID.`
## TOURNAMENT-V4
- [ ] `Create a tournament code for the given tournament.`
- [ ] `Returns the tournament code DTO associated with a tournament code string.`
- [ ] `Update the pick type, map, spectator type, or allowed summoners for a code.`
- [ ] `Gets a list of lobby events by tournament code.`
- [ ] `Creates a tournament provider and returns its ID.`
- [ ] `Creates a tournament and returns its ID.`

# TFT Endpoints
## TFT-SUMMONER-V1
- [x] `Get a summoner by account ID.`
- [x] `Get a summoner by summoner name.`
- [x] `Get a summoner by PUUID.`
- [x] `Get a summoner by summoner ID.`
## TFT-MATCH-V1
- [x] `Get match list by summoner PUUID.`
- [x] `Get match list details.`
## TFT-LEAGUE-V1
- [x] `Get the challenger league for given queue.`
- [x] `Get the grandmaster league for given queue.`
- [x] `Get the master league for given queue.`
- [x] `Get league entries in all queues for a given summoner ID.`
- [ ] `Get all the league entries.`
- [ ] `Get league with given ID, including inactive entries.`

# Run all examples

Download code from git and:

## Simple
```$ RIOT_API_KEY={YOUR_KEY} yarn example```

## Specific examples
```$ RIOT_API_KEY={YOUR_KEY} yarn example {exampleFunctionName}```

## With docker
Edit docker-compose.yml with your api key and:
```$ docker-compose up```

## Real project
We did a project based on a "twisted" package, this project is not finished but it is a very good example<br />
Github: https://github.com/twisted-gg

# Options

The following environment variables can be set either in the ```.env``` file or as shown in the examples:
 
## ```RIOT_API_KEY```

Obtained from the Riot Games developer page(https://developer.riotgames.com/)
Necessary to use this library.

## ```UPDATE_CHAMPION_IDS```

This library has an option to fetch an actual version of champion IDs regularly. This is useful in case a new champion
gets added, while the application runs. E.g. data crawlers, or services which aren't supposed to be restarted regularly.

Set the value to ```true``` or ```1``` to enable this feature.

Commit message:

Add LOL-STATUS-V4 (#73)
* Add LOL-STATUS-V4

* update version

Co-authored-by: Julio Sansossio <juliosansossio@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Twisted
League of legends api wrapper <br>
![https://www.npmjs.com/package/twisted](https://nodei.co/npm/twisted.png)

# Simple example
LOL:
```js
import { LolApi, Constants } from 'twisted'

const api = new LolApi()

export async function summonerByNameExample () {
  return await api.Summoner.getByName('Hide on bush', Constants.Regions.KOREA)
}
```
TFT:
```js
import { TftApi, Constants } from 'twisted'

const api = new TftApi()

export async function matchListTft () {
  const {
    response: {
      puuid
    }
  } = await api.Summoner.getByName('Maxii', Constants.Regions.LAT_NORTH)
  return api.Match.list(puuid, Constants.RegionGroups.AMERICAS)
}

```
[More examples](https://github.com/Sansossio/twisted/tree/master/example)

# Automatic rate limits reattempts
```js
import { LolApi } from 'twisted'

const api = new LolApi({
   /**
   * If api response is 429 (rate limits) try reattempt after needed time (default true)
   */
  rateLimitRetry: true
  /**
   * Number of time to retry after rate limit response (default 1)
   */
  rateLimitRetryAttempts: 1
  /**
   * Concurrency calls to riot (default infinity)
   * Concurrency per method (example: summoner api, match api, etc)
   */
  concurrency: undefined,
  /**
   * Riot games api key
   */
  key: '',
  /**
   * Debug methods
   */
  debug: {
    /**
     * Log methods execution time (default false)
     */
    logTime: false
    /**
     * Log urls (default false)
     */
    logUrls: false
    /**
     * Log when is waiting for rate limits (default false)
     */
    logRatelimit?: false
  }
})
```

# Endpoints 
Everything should be in the same order as in the official docs.
## CLASH
- [x] `Get players by summoner id`
- [x] `Get team`
- [x] `Get tournaments`
- [x] `Get tournaments by team id`
- [x] `Get tournament by id`
## CHAMPION-MASTERY-V4
- [x] `Get all champion mastery entries sorted by number of champion points descending.`
- [x] `Get a champion mastery by player ID and champion ID.`
- [x] `Get a player's total champion mastery score, which is the sum of individual champion mastery levels.`
## CHAMPION-V3
- [x] `Retrieve all champions.`
- [x] `Retrieve champion by ID.`

## MATCH-V5
- [x] `Get match by id`
- [x] `Get matches by summoner id`
- [x] `Get match timeline by id`

## MATCH-V4 (deprecated)
- [x] `Get matches id by tournament code`
- [x] `Get match by id`
- [x] `Get match by tournament code`
- [x] `Get matches by summoner id`
- [x] `Get match timeline by id`
## LEAGUE-V4
- [x] `Get the challenger league for given queue.`
- [x] `Get league entries in all queues for a given summoner ID.`
- [x] `Get all the league entries.`
- [x] `Get the grandmaster league of a specific queue.`
- [x] `Get league with given ID, including inactive entries.`
- [x] `Get the master league for given queue.`
- [x] `Get the queues that have positional ranks enabled.` (deprecated June 17th and in `v0.9.10`)
- [x] `Get league positions in all queues for a given summoner ID.` (deprecated June 17th and in `v0.9.10`)
- [x] `Get all the positional league entries.` (deprecated June 17th and in `v0.9.10`)
## LOL-STATUS-V3
- [x] `Get League of Legends status for the given shard.`
- [x] `Get matchlist for games played on given account ID and platform ID and filtered using given filter parameters, if any.`
- [x] `Get match timeline by match ID.`
- [x] `Get match IDs by tournament code.`
- [x] `Get match by match ID and tournament code.`
## LOL-STATUS-V4
- [x] `Get League of Legends status for the given platform.`
## SPECTATOR-V4
- [x] `Get current game information for the given summoner ID.`
- [x] `Get list of featured games.`
## SUMMONER-V4
- [x] `Get a summoner by account ID.`
- [x] `Get a summoner by summoner name.`
- [x] `Get a summoner by PUUID.`
- [x] `Get a summoner by summoner ID.`
## TOURNAMENT-STUB-V4
- [ ] `Create a mock tournament code for the given tournament.`
- [ ] `Gets a mock list of lobby events by tournament code.`
- [ ] `Creates a mock tournament provider and returns its ID.`
- [ ] `Creates a mock tournament and returns its ID.`
## TOURNAMENT-V4
- [ ] `Create a tournament code for the given tournament.`
- [ ] `Returns the tournament code DTO associated with a tournament code string.`
- [ ] `Update the pick type, map, spectator type, or allowed summoners for a code.`
- [ ] `Gets a list of lobby events by tournament code.`
- [ ] `Creates a tournament provider and returns its ID.`
- [ ] `Creates a tournament and returns its ID.`

# TFT Endpoints
## TFT-SUMMONER-V1
- [x] `Get a summoner by account ID.`
- [x] `Get a summoner by summoner name.`
- [x] `Get a summoner by PUUID.`
- [x] `Get a summoner by summoner ID.`
## TFT-MATCH-V1
- [x] `Get match list by summoner PUUID.`
- [x] `Get match list details.`
## TFT-LEAGUE-V1
- [x] `Get the challenger league for given queue.`
- [x] `Get the grandmaster league for given queue.`
- [x] `Get the master league for given queue.`
- [x] `Get league entries in all queues for a given summoner ID.`
- [ ] `Get all the league entries.`
- [ ] `Get league with given ID, including inactive entries.`

# Run all examples

Download code from git and:

## Simple
```$ RIOT_API_KEY={YOUR_KEY} yarn example```

## Specific examples
```$ RIOT_API_KEY={YOUR_KEY} yarn example {exampleFunctionName}```

## With docker
Edit docker-compose.yml with your api key and:
```$ docker-compose up```

## Real project
We did a project based on a "twisted" package, this project is not finished but it is a very good example<br />
Github: https://github.com/twisted-gg

# Options

The following environment variables can be set either in the ```.env``` file or as shown in the examples:
 
## ```RIOT_API_KEY```

Obtained from the Riot Games developer page(https://developer.riotgames.com/)
Necessary to use this library.

## ```UPDATE_CHAMPION_IDS```

This library has an option to fetch an actual version of champion IDs regularly. This is useful in case a new champion
gets added, while the application runs. E.g. data crawlers, or services which aren't supposed to be restarted regularly.

Set the value to ```true``` or ```1``` to enable this feature.
